hey guys I'm Thomas James Fisher I
always swore I would never make a video
like this because at the end of the day
you can see Frank Fogg wife to say to be
honest but just wanted to make a video
about something that's been involved in
my life for the past three years so I
like most guys average looking but no
very vain about appearances always want
the perfect beard and always want a
perfect set of hair fortunately for me I
come from a family where perfect hair
doesn't always run in the family so that
will be hold I came across propecia
propecia works by lowering the
testosterone levels in your body which
reduces your hair loss as we all know
hair loss is due to your body producing
too much testosterone blah blah blah
blah blah so I've been taking propecia
for last 3 years and I can gladly say it
worked its charm my hair loss did
decrease and I did experience slight
growth which I was told after 2 to 3
years will happen so that's great
the downside due to testosterone being
so low men function with testosterone so
sex life has been quite shit
experiencing
not that pleasurable experience terror
horrible pains in my balls in my penis
and yep love life
decreased so today I've decided fuck it
just let nature take its course and I
appreciate I am Who I am and if someone
doesn't like it then hey there's plenty
more fish in the sea
a slightly drying up but there's still a
few left peace